2. Methods
----------
a. The Amazon Web Services Elastic Compute Cloud
    Amazon provides a collection of remote computing services called Amazon Web Services (AWS). One of the most central and well-known of these services is Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2). EC2 allows for the configuration and use of virtual servers, or compute instances, at any capacity desired. In contrast with the up-front research and costs necessary to purchase an in-house computing solution, EC2 offers the flexibility to utilize a wide range of computing capacity with a "pay-as-you-go" model. The associated costs are divided between processing/compute hours, storage amount, and data transfer/networking traffic. AWS is offered across multiple regions hosted at different data centers spread out over the world. This framework makes it possible to optimize one's computing power, budget, and locality for their application.

i. Computational resources
1. Instances and AMIs
    EC2 offers virtual servers called "instances", which users can configure, start, and securely log in to use. These instances are based on operating system "templates" called Amazon Machine Images (AMIs). Users can choose thousands of different AMIs from the AWS or community marketplaces to launch instances of in EC2. Additionally, users can create their own customized AMIs for private or public use.
    An important step in the instance configuration process is choosing the underlying hardware. EC2 offers a range of "instance types" for different use cases. Instance types include "general purpose" instances (e.g. t2.micro, t2.small, m4.xlarge), with low to moderate computing power, "compute optimized" instances (e.g. c3.large, c3.8xlarge, c4.4xlarge) that have a higher quantity of fast virtual CPUs, "memory optimized" instances (e.g. m3.2xlarge, r3.xlarge, r3.8xlarge) containing large amounts of RAM, "storaged optimized" instances (e.g. i2.xlarge, i2.4xlarge, d2.8xlarge) for high data I/O throughput and capacity, and GPU instances (e.g. g2.2xlarge, g2.8xlarge).
    The underlying hardware of the instances is harnessed by Amazon to deliver optimal and consistent performance. Since the instances are virtual servers, the amount of CPU for a given instance is defined by a virtual CPU called the Amazon EC2 Compute Unit (ECU). The ECU is routinely benchmarked and tested to ensure stability even as hardware is modified or updated. As of June 2015, the "compute optimized" instances run with Intel Xeon E5-2666 v3 (Haswell) processors.

2. On-demand instances
    

Sources
-------
http://aws.amazon.com/ec2/faqs/#hardware-information
